[CQT-84] Add reset instruction (#54)
QuTech-Delft/cQASM-spec: docs/language_specification/general_overview.md

- _X-sequence_ is one or more _X_’s without intervening delimiters, _e.g._, _digit-sequence_ is a sequence of digits.
- _X-list_ is one or more _X_’s separated by intervening commas, _e.g._, _index-list_ is a sequence of 
indices separated by commas.

### State strings

State strings are binary strings where each value corresponds to a given qubit.

In this documentation, lower qubit indices are shown at the right of these strings and higher qubit indices at the left.

For example: given a qubit register of size 3 such as `qubit[3] q`,
we can refer to each qubit individually as `q[0]`, `q[1]`, and `q[2]`,
where `0`, `1`, and `2` are the indices of each individual qubit.
A state string for this qubit register would be displayed as:

| q[2] | q[1] | q[0] |
|:----:|:----:|:----:|

> |  1   |  1   |  0   |

Author: Can you please write this yourself? But I would probably just focus on measurement strings.

- _X-sequence_ is one or more _X_’s without intervening delimiters, _e.g._, _digit-sequence_ is a sequence of digits.
- _X-list_ is one or more _X_’s separated by intervening commas, _e.g._, _index-list_ is a sequence of 
indices separated by commas.

### *Qubit state and measurement bit ordering*

In this specification, qubit states are represented using the ket-vector notation $|\Psi\rangle$
and measurement outcomes are represented as bit strings.

> In the case of the former, the qubits are ordered with qubit index decreasing from left to right, _i.e._,

Author: ```suggestion
Qubits in a ket-vector are ordered with qubit indices decreasing from left to right, _i.e._,
```

$|\Psi\rangle = \sum c_i~(|q_n\rangle\otimes |q_{n-1}\rangle\otimes~...\otimes~|q_1\rangle\otimes |q_0\rangle)_i$
$=\sum c_i~|q_nq_{n-1}~...q_1q_0\rangle_i$.

> For example, given the state $|01\rangle$, the first qubit $q_0$ is in state $|1\rangle$
> and the second qubit $q_1$ is in state $|0\rangle$. 

Author: ```suggestion
For example, given the state $|01\rangle$, $q_0$ is in state $|1\rangle$
and $q_1$ is in state $|0\rangle$. 
```

Measurement outcomes are represented by a bit string,
which adheres to the same ordering convention as qubit states,

> _i.e._ the with the (qu)bit index decreasing from left to right.    

Author: ```suggestion
_i.e._ with the (qu)bit indices decreasing from left to right.    
```

- _X-list_ is one or more _X_’s separated by intervening commas, _e.g._, _index-list_ is a sequence of 
indices separated by commas.

### *Qubit state and measurement bit ordering*

In this specification, qubit states are represented using the ket-vector notation $|\Psi\rangle$
and measurement outcomes are represented as bit strings.

In the case of the former, the qubits are ordered with qubit index decreasing from left to right, _i.e._,
$|\Psi\rangle = \sum c_i~(|q_n\rangle\otimes |q_{n-1}\rangle\otimes~...\otimes~|q_1\rangle\otimes |q_0\rangle)_i$
$=\sum c_i~|q_nq_{n-1}~...q_1q_0\rangle_i$.
For example, given the state $|01\rangle$, the first qubit $q_0$ is in state $|1\rangle$
and the second qubit $q_1$ is in state $|0\rangle$. 

Measurement outcomes are represented by a bit string,
which adheres to the same ordering convention as qubit states,
_i.e._ the with the (qu)bit index decreasing from left to right.    

Consider a qubit register of size 3, `qubit[3] q`,
where each individual qubit can be referred to by its index as `q[0]`, `q[1]`, and `q[2]`.
If the state of this qubit register is $|110\rangle$,

> then measuring it will result in the following bit string 

Author: ```suggestion
then measuring it will result in the following bit string:
```

| `q[2]` | `q[1]` | `q[0]` |
|:------:|:------:|:------:|
|  `1`   |  `1`   |  `0`   |

> The same ordering applies to bit registers, _i.e._ for the for a bit register `b`,

Author: ```suggestion
The same ordering applies to bit registers, _i.e._, for a bit register `b`,
```
